README.md, before:

# twitterstream-to-mongodb

## DESCRIPTION

Simple python script for storing tweets from the twitter stream directly to a [MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/) database based on a list of terms.

## FEATURES/PROBLEMS

The script runs forever and refreshes the terms list periodically. Terms list can be modified while the scripts runs. 

A catalog is created for each term in the MongoDB database.

Improvements apreciated.

## CLONE AND USE

    git clone git://github.com/gdelfresno/twitterstream-to-mongodb.git
    cd twitterstream-to-mongodb/src
    python twitterstreamtomongodb.py --oauth=oauth-example.json --server=localhost --port=23717 --database=TwitterStream --dbauth=dbauth.json --track=terms-example.txt --retweets=False
	
### USAGE EXPLAINED
    :arg oauth: json file that outlines oauth credentials for Twitter developers
    :arg server: default is localhost for basic/local mongodb instances
    :arg port: optional port of the mongodb instance
    :arg database: the name you would like the database to have
    :arg dbauth: auth file with database credentials
    :arg track: basic text outlining search terms such as #trending or @user_name (carriage return per entry)
    :arg retweets: specify whether or not retweets are collected and stored in the database

#### DATABASE AUTH (json)

    {
        "user" : "yor_user",
        "password" : "your_password"
    }

#### OAUTH (json)

_Oauth Authentication_:

    {
        "consumer_key" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE",
        "consumer_secret" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE",
        "access_token" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE",
        "access_token_secret" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE"
    }

_Basic Authentication_:

    {
        "username" : "twitter_username"
        "password" : "password"
    }

#### TRACK (basic text)
    
    SomeWord
    @user_name
    #hashtag

## REQUIREMENTS

### Install from requirements file

    pip install -r requirements.txt

### mongo-python-driver
[https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver)

    pip install pymongo
    
#### If this doesn't work, install from source

    git clone git://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver.git pymongo
    cd pymongo/
    python setup.py install

### tweepy
[https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy](https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy)

    pip install tweepy

## LICENSE:

    Twitter Stream To MongoDB (c) by gdelfresno

    Twitter Stream To MongoDB is licensed under 
    the terms of the GNU General Public License 
    as published by the Free Software Foundation.

Commit message:

Add follow option.
Get only tweets from certain users.

README.md, after:

# twitterstream-to-mongodb

## DESCRIPTION

Simple python script for storing tweets from the twitter stream directly to a [MongoDB](http://www.mongodb.org/) database based on a list of terms or users.

## FEATURES/PROBLEMS

The script runs forever and refreshes the terms list periodically. Terms list can be modified while the scripts runs. 

A catalog is created for each term in the MongoDB database.

Improvements apreciated.

## CLONE AND USE

    git clone git://github.com/gdelfresno/twitterstream-to-mongodb.git
    cd twitterstream-to-mongodb/src
    python twitterstreamtomongodb.py --oauth=oauth-example.json --server=localhost --port=23717 --database=TwitterStream --dbauth=dbauth.json --track=terms-example.txt --retweets=False
	
### USAGE EXPLAINED
    :arg oauth: json file that outlines oauth credentials for Twitter developers
    :arg server: default is localhost for basic/local mongodb instances
    :arg port: optional port of the mongodb instance
    :arg database: the name you would like the database to have
    :arg dbauth: auth file with database credentials
    :arg track: basic text outlining search terms such as #trending or @user_name (carriage return per entry)
    :arg follow: list of users to stream (without @)
    :arg retweets: specify whether or not retweets are collected and stored in the database

--track and --follow can't be used at the same time.


#### DATABASE AUTH (json)

    {
        "user" : "yor_user",
        "password" : "your_password"
    }

#### OAUTH (json)

_Oauth Authentication_:

    {
        "consumer_key" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE",
        "consumer_secret" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE",
        "access_token" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE",
        "access_token_secret" : "ThIsIsJuStAnExAmPlE"
    }

_Basic Authentication_:

    {
        "username" : "twitter_username"
        "password" : "password"
    }

#### TRACK (basic text)
    
    SomeWord
    @user_name
    #hashtag

## REQUIREMENTS

### Install from requirements file

    pip install -r requirements.txt

### mongo-python-driver
[https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver)

    pip install pymongo
    
#### If this doesn't work, install from source

    git clone git://github.com/mongodb/mongo-python-driver.git pymongo
    cd pymongo/
    python setup.py install

### tweepy
[https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy](https://github.com/tweepy/tweepy)

    pip install tweepy

## LICENSE:

    Twitter Stream To MongoDB (c) by gdelfresno

    Twitter Stream To MongoDB is licensed under 
    the terms of the GNU General Public License 
    as published by the Free Software Foundation.
